{'journal': 'Journal of Experimental Social Psychology', 'title': 'Tears evoke the intention to offer social support: A systematic investigation of the interpersonal effects of emotional crying across 41 countries', 'author': 'Janis H. Zickfeld and Niels van de Ven and Olivia Pich and Thomas W. Schubert and Jana B. Berkessel and José J. Pizarro and Braj Bhushan and Nino Jose Mateo and Sergio Barbosa and Leah Sharman and Gyöngyi Kökönyei and Elke Schrover and Igor Kardum and John Jamir Benzon Aruta and Ljiljana B. Lazarevic and María Josefina Escobar and Marie Stadel and Patrícia Arriaga and Arta Dodaj and Rebecca Shankland and Nadyanna M. Majeed and Yansong Li and Eleimonitria Lekkou and Andree Hartanto and Asil A. Özdoğru and Leigh Ann Vaughn and Maria del Carmen Espinoza and Amparo Caballero and Anouk Kolen and Julie Karsten and Harry Manley and Nao Maeura and Mustafa Eşkisu and Yaniv Shani and Phakkanun Chittham and Diogo Ferreira and Jozef Bavolar and Irina Konova and Wataru Sato and Coby Morvinski and Pilar Carrera and Sergio Villar and Agustin Ibanez and Shlomo Hareli and Adolfo M. Garcia and Inbal Kremer and Friedrich M. Götz and Andreas Schwerdtfeger and Catalina Estrada-Mejia and Masataka Nakayama and Wee Qin Ng and Kristina Sesar and Charles T. Orjiakor and Kitty Dumont and Tara Bulut Allred and Asmir Gračanin and Peter J. Rentfrow and Victoria Schönefeld and Zahir Vally and Krystian Barzykowski and Henna-Riikka Peltola and Anna Tcherkassof and Shamsul Haque and Magdalena Śmieja and Terri Tan Su-May and Hans IJzerman and Argiro Vatakis and Chew Wei Ong and Eunsoo Choi and Sebastian L. Schorch and Darío Páez and Sadia Malik and Pavol Kačmár and Magdalena Bobowik and Paul Jose and Jonna K. Vuoskoski and Nekane Basabe and Uğur Doğan and Tobias Ebert and Yukiko Uchida and Michelle Xue Zheng and Philip Mefoh and René Šebeňa and Franziska A. Stanke and Christine Joy Ballada and Agata Blaut and Yang Wu and Judith K. Daniels and Natália Kocsel and Elif Gizem Demirag Burak and Nina F. Balt and Eric Vanman and Suzanne L.K. Stewart and Bruno Verschuere and Pilleriin Sikka and Jordane Boudesseul and Diogo Martins and Ravit Nussinson and Kenichi Ito and Sari Mentser and Tuğba Seda Çolak and Gonzalo Martinez-Zelaya and Ad Vingerhoets', 'pages': '104137', 'volume': '95', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'jul', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.jesp.2021.104137', 'doi': '10.1016/j.jesp.2021.104137', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gjqb72', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2021.104137'}
None
