{'journal': 'Scientific Data', 'title': 'Global data on earthworm abundance, biomass, diversity and corresponding environmental properties', 'author': 'Helen R. P. Phillips and Elizabeth M. Bach and Marie L. C. Bartz and Joanne M. Bennett and Rémy Beugnon and Maria J. I. Briones and George G. Brown and Olga Ferlian and Konstantin B. Gongalsky and Carlos A. Guerra and Birgitta König-Ries and Julia J. Krebs and Alberto Orgiazzi and Kelly S. Ramirez and David J. Russell and Benjamin Schwarz and Diana H. Wall and Ulrich Brose and Thibaud Decaëns and Patrick Lavelle and Michel Loreau and Jérôme Mathieu and Christian Mulder and Wim H. van der Putten and Matthias C. Rillig and Madhav P. Thakur and Franciska T. de Vries and David A. Wardle and Christian Ammer and Sabine Ammer and Miwa Arai and Fredrick O. Ayuke and Geoff H. Baker and Dilmar Baretta and Dietmar Barkusky and Robin Beauséjour and Jose C. Bedano and Klaus Birkhofer and Eric Blanchart and Bernd Blossey and Thomas Bolger and Robert L. Bradley and Michel Brossard and James C. Burtis and Yvan Capowiez and Timothy R. Cavagnaro and Amy Choi and Julia Clause and Daniel Cluzeau and Anja Coors and Felicity V. Crotty and Jasmine M. Crumsey and Andrea Dávalos and Darío J. Díaz Cosín and Annise M. Dobson and Anahí Domínguez and Andrés Esteban Duhour and Nick van Eekeren and Christoph Emmerling and Liliana B. Falco and Rosa Fernández and Steven J. Fonte and Carlos Fragoso and André L. C. Franco and Abegail Fusilero and Anna P. Geraskina and Shaieste Gholami and Grizelle González and Michael J. Gundale and Mónica Gutiérrez López and Branimir K. Hackenberger and Davorka K. Hackenberger and Luis M. Hernández and Jeff R. Hirth and Takuo Hishi and Andrew R. Holdsworth and Martin Holmstrup and Kristine N. Hopfensperger and Esperanza Huerta Lwanga and Veikko Huhta and Tunsisa T. Hurisso and Basil V. Iannone and Madalina Iordache and Ulrich Irmler and Mari Ivask and Juan B. Jesús and Jodi L. Johnson-Maynard and Monika Joschko and Nobuhiro Kaneko and Radoslava Kanianska and Aidan M. Keith and Maria L. Kernecker and Armand W. Koné and Yahya Kooch and Sanna T. Kukkonen and H. Lalthanzara and Daniel R. Lammel and Iurii M. Lebedev and Edith Le Cadre and Noa K. Lincoln and Danilo López-Hernández and Scott R. Loss and Raphael Marichal and Radim Matula and Yukio Minamiya and Jan Hendrik Moos and Gerardo Moreno and Alejandro Morón-Ríos and Hasegawa Motohiro and Bart Muys and Johan Neirynck and Lindsey Norgrove and Marta Novo and Visa Nuutinen and Victoria Nuzzo and P. Mujeeb Rahman and Johan Pansu and Shishir Paudel and Guénola Pérès and Lorenzo Pérez-Camacho and Jean-François Ponge and Jörg Prietzel and Irina B. Rapoport and Muhammad Imtiaz Rashid and Salvador Rebollo and Miguel Á. Rodríguez and Alexander M. Roth and Guillaume X. Rousseau and Anna Rozen and Ehsan Sayad and Loes van Schaik and Bryant Scharenbroch and Michael Schirrmann and Olaf Schmidt and Boris Schröder and Julia Seeber and Maxim P. Shashkov and Jaswinder Singh and Sandy M. Smith and Michael Steinwandter and Katalin Szlavecz and José Antonio Talavera and Dolores Trigo and Jiro Tsukamoto and Sheila Uribe-López and Anne W. de Valença and Iñigo Virto and Adrian A. Wackett and Matthew W. Warren and Emily R. Webster and Nathaniel H. Wehr and Joann K. Whalen and Michael B. Wironen and Volkmar Wolters and Pengfei Wu and Irina V. Zenkova and Weixin Zhang and Erin K. Cameron and Nico Eisenhauer', 'number': '1', 'volume': '8', 'publisher': 'Springer Science and Business Media LLC', 'month': 'may', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1038%2Fs41597-021-00912-z', 'doi': '10.1038/s41597-021-00912-z', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gk9rrg', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-021-00912-z'}
{'journal': 'Genome Biology', 'title': 'Cross-oncopanel study reveals high sensitivity and accuracy with overall analytical performance depending on genomic regions', 'author': 'Binsheng Gong and Dan Li and Rebecca Kusko and Natalia Novoradovskaya and Yifan Zhang and Shangzi Wang and Carlos Pabón-Peña and Zhihong Zhang and Kevin Lai and Wanshi Cai and Jennifer S. LoCoco and Eric Lader and Todd A. Richmond and Vinay K. Mittal and Liang-Chun Liu and Donald J. Johann and James C. Willey and Pierre R. Bushel and Ying Yu and Chang Xu and Guangchun Chen and Daniel Burgess and Simon Cawley and Kristina Giorda and Nathan Haseley and Fujun Qiu and Katherine Wilkins and Hanane Arib and Claire Attwooll and Kevin Babson and Longlong Bao and Wenjun Bao and Anne Bergstrom Lucas and Hunter Best and Ambica Bhandari and Halil Bisgin and James Blackburn and Thomas M. Blomquist and Lisa Boardman and Blake Burgher and Daniel J. Butler and Chia-Jung Chang and Alka Chaubey and Tao Chen and Marco Chierici and Christopher R. Chin and Devin Close and Jeffrey Conroy and Jessica Cooley Coleman and Daniel J. Craig and Erin Crawford and Angela del Pozo and Ira W. Deveson and Daniel Duncan and Agda Karina Eterovic and Xiaohui Fan and Jonathan Foox and Cesare Furlanello and Abhisek Ghosal and Sean Glenn and Meijian Guan and Christine Haag and Xinyi Hang and Scott Happe and Brittany Hennigan and Jennifer Hipp and Huixiao Hong and Kyle Horvath and Jianhong Hu and Li-Yuan Hung and Mirna Jarosz and Jennifer Kerkhof and Benjamin Kipp and David Philip Kreil and Paweł Łabaj and Pablo Lapunzina and Peng Li and Quan-Zhen Li and Weihua Li and Zhiguang Li and Yu Liang and Shaoqing Liu and Zhichao Liu and Charles Ma and Narasimha Marella and Rubén Martín-Arenas and Dalila B. Megherbi and Qingchang Meng and Piotr A. Mieczkowski and Tom Morrison and Donna Muzny and Baitang Ning and Barbara L. Parsons and Cloud P. Paweletz and Mehdi Pirooznia and Wubin Qu and Amelia Raymond and Paul Rindler and Rebecca Ringler and Bekim Sadikovic and Andreas Scherer and Egbert Schulze and Robert Sebra and Rita Shaknovich and Qiang Shi and Tieliu Shi and Juan Carlos Silla-Castro and Melissa Smith and Mario Solís López and Ping Song and Daniel Stetson and Maya Strahl and Alan Stuart and Julianna Supplee and Philippe Szankasi and Haowen Tan and Lin-ya Tang and Yonghui Tao and Shraddha Thakkar and Danielle Thierry-Mieg and Jean Thierry-Mieg and Venkat J. Thodima and David Thomas and Boris Tichý and Nikola Tom and Elena Vallespin Garcia and Suman Verma and Kimbley Walker and Charles Wang and Junwen Wang and Yexun Wang and Zhining Wen and Valtteri Wirta and Leihong Wu and Chunlin Xiao and Wenzhong Xiao and Shibei Xu and Mary Yang and Jianming Ying and Shun H. Yip and Guangliang Zhang and Sa Zhang and Meiru Zhao and Yuanting Zheng and Xiaoyan Zhou and Christopher E. Mason and Timothy Mercer and Weida Tong and Leming Shi and Wendell Jones and Joshua Xu', 'number': '1', 'volume': '22', 'publisher': 'Springer Science and Business Media LLC', 'month': 'apr', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1186%2Fs13059-021-02315-0', 'doi': '10.1186/s13059-021-02315-0', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gjsnk7', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1186/s13059-021-02315-0'}
{'journal': 'Environmental Research', 'title': 'Street view greenness is associated with lower risk of obesity in adults: Findings from the 33 Chinese community health study', 'author': 'Xiang Xiao and Ruoyu Wang and Luke D. Knibbs and Bin Jalaludin and Joachim Heinrich and Iana Markevych and Meng Gao and Shu-Li Xu and Qi-Zhen Wu and Xiao-Wen Zeng and Gong-Bo Chen and Li-Wen Hu and Bo-Yi Yang and Yunjiang Yu and Guang-Hui Dong', 'pages': '111434', 'volume': '200', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'sep', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.envres.2021.111434', 'doi': '10.1016/j.envres.2021.111434', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gkcnvt', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envres.2021.111434'}
{'journal': 'Environment International', 'title': 'Maternal exposure to ambient air pollution and congenital heart defects in China', 'author': 'Bo-Yi Yang and Yanji Qu and Yuming Guo and Iana Markevych and Joachim Heinrich and Michael S. Bloom and Zhipeng Bai and Luke C. Knibbs and Shanshan Li and Gongbo Chen and Bin Jalaludin and Lidia Morawska and Meng Gao and Bin Han and Yunjiang Yu and Xiao-Xuan Liu and Yanqiu Ou and Jinzhuang Mai and Xiangmin Gao and Yong Wu and Zhiqiang Nie and Xiao-Wen Zeng and Li-Wen Hu and Xubo Shen and Yuanzhong Zhou and Shao Lin and Xiaoqing Liu and Guang-Hui Dong', 'pages': '106548', 'volume': '153', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'aug', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.envint.2021.106548', 'doi': '10.1016/j.envint.2021.106548', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gjn77z', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envint.2021.106548'}
{'journal': 'Journal of Experimental Social Psychology', 'title': 'Tears evoke the intention to offer social support: A systematic investigation of the interpersonal effects of emotional crying across 41 countries', 'author': 'Janis H. Zickfeld and Niels van de Ven and Olivia Pich and Thomas W. Schubert and Jana B. Berkessel and José J. Pizarro and Braj Bhushan and Nino Jose Mateo and Sergio Barbosa and Leah Sharman and Gyöngyi Kökönyei and Elke Schrover and Igor Kardum and John Jamir Benzon Aruta and Ljiljana B. Lazarevic and María Josefina Escobar and Marie Stadel and Patrícia Arriaga and Arta Dodaj and Rebecca Shankland and Nadyanna M. Majeed and Yansong Li and Eleimonitria Lekkou and Andree Hartanto and Asil A. Özdoğru and Leigh Ann Vaughn and Maria del Carmen Espinoza and Amparo Caballero and Anouk Kolen and Julie Karsten and Harry Manley and Nao Maeura and Mustafa Eşkisu and Yaniv Shani and Phakkanun Chittham and Diogo Ferreira and Jozef Bavolar and Irina Konova and Wataru Sato and Coby Morvinski and Pilar Carrera and Sergio Villar and Agustin Ibanez and Shlomo Hareli and Adolfo M. Garcia and Inbal Kremer and Friedrich M. Götz and Andreas Schwerdtfeger and Catalina Estrada-Mejia and Masataka Nakayama and Wee Qin Ng and Kristina Sesar and Charles T. Orjiakor and Kitty Dumont and Tara Bulut Allred and Asmir Gračanin and Peter J. Rentfrow and Victoria Schönefeld and Zahir Vally and Krystian Barzykowski and Henna-Riikka Peltola and Anna Tcherkassof and Shamsul Haque and Magdalena Śmieja and Terri Tan Su-May and Hans IJzerman and Argiro Vatakis and Chew Wei Ong and Eunsoo Choi and Sebastian L. Schorch and Darío Páez and Sadia Malik and Pavol Kačmár and Magdalena Bobowik and Paul Jose and Jonna K. Vuoskoski and Nekane Basabe and Uğur Doğan and Tobias Ebert and Yukiko Uchida and Michelle Xue Zheng and Philip Mefoh and René Šebeňa and Franziska A. Stanke and Christine Joy Ballada and Agata Blaut and Yang Wu and Judith K. Daniels and Natália Kocsel and Elif Gizem Demirag Burak and Nina F. Balt and Eric Vanman and Suzanne L.K. Stewart and Bruno Verschuere and Pilleriin Sikka and Jordane Boudesseul and Diogo Martins and Ravit Nussinson and Kenichi Ito and Sari Mentser and Tuğba Seda Çolak and Gonzalo Martinez-Zelaya and Ad Vingerhoets', 'pages': '104137', 'volume': '95', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'jul', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.jesp.2021.104137', 'doi': '10.1016/j.jesp.2021.104137', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gjqb72', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2021.104137'}
{'journal': 'Cell', 'title': 'A global metagenomic map of urban microbiomes and antimicrobial resistance', 'author': "David Danko and Daniela Bezdan and Evan E. Afshin and Sofia Ahsanuddin and Chandrima Bhattacharya and Daniel J. Butler and Kern Rei Chng and Daisy Donnellan and Jochen Hecht and Katelyn Jackson and Katerina Kuchin and Mikhail Karasikov and Abigail Lyons and Lauren Mak and Dmitry Meleshko and Harun Mustafa and Beth Mutai and Russell Y. Neches and Amanda Ng and Olga Nikolayeva and Tatyana Nikolayeva and Eileen Png and Krista A. Ryon and Jorge L. Sanchez and Heba Shaaban and Maria A. Sierra and Dominique Thomas and Ben Young and Omar O. Abudayyeh and Josue Alicea and Malay Bhattacharyya and Ran Blekhman and Eduardo Castro-Nallar and Ana M. Cañas and Aspassia D. Chatziefthimiou and Robert W. Crawford and Francesca De Filippis and Youping Deng and Christelle Desnues and Emmanuel Dias-Neto and Marius Dybwad and Eran Elhaik and Danilo Ercolini and Alina Frolova and Dennis Gankin and Jonathan S. Gootenberg and Alexandra B. Graf and David C. Green and Iman Hajirasouliha and Jaden J.A. Hastings and Mark Hernandez and Gregorio Iraola and Soojin Jang and Andre Kahles and Frank J. Kelly and Kaymisha Knights and Nikos C. Kyrpides and Paweł P. Łabaj and Patrick K.H. Lee and Marcus H.Y. Leung and Per O. Ljungdahl and Gabriella Mason-Buck and Ken McGrath and Cem Meydan and Emmanuel F. Mongodin and Milton Ozorio Moraes and Niranjan Nagarajan and Marina Nieto-Caballero and Houtan Noushmehr and Manuela Oliveira and Stephan Ossowski and Olayinka O. Osuolale and Orhan Özcan and David Paez-Espino and Nicolás Rascovan and Hugues Richard and Gunnar Rätsch and Lynn M. Schriml and Torsten Semmler and Osman U. Sezerman and Leming Shi and Tieliu Shi and Rania Siam and Le Huu Song and Haruo Suzuki and Denise Syndercombe Court and Scott W. Tighe and Xinzhao Tong and Klas I. Udekwu and Juan A. Ugalde and Brandon Valentine and Dimitar I. Vassilev and Elena M. Vayndorf and Thirumalaisamy P. Velavan and Jun Wu and María M. Zambrano and Jifeng Zhu and Sibo Zhu and Christopher E. Mason and Natasha Abdullah and Marcos Abraao and Ait-hamlat Adel and Muhammad Afaq and Faisal S. Al-Quaddoomi and Ireen Alam and Gabriela E. Albuquerque and Alex Alexiev and Kalyn Ali and Lucia E. Alvarado-Arnez and Sarh Aly and Jennifer Amachee and Maria G. Amorim and Majelia Ampadu and Muhammad Al-Fath Amran and Nala An and Watson Andrew and Harilanto Andrianjakarivony and Michael Angelov and Verónica Antelo and Catharine Aquino and Álvaro Aranguren and Luiza F. Araujo and Hitler Francois Vasquez Arevalo and Jenny Arevalo and Carme Arnan and Lucia Elena Alvarado Arnez and Fernanda Arredondo and Matthew Arthur and Freddy Asenjo and Thomas Saw Aung and Juliette Auvinet and Nuria Aventin and Sadaf Ayaz and Silva Baburyan and Abd-Manaaf Bakere and Katrin Bakhl and Thais F. Bartelli and Erdenetsetseg Batdelger and François Baudon and Kevin Becher and Carla Bello and Médine Benchouaia and Hannah Benisty and Anne-Sophie Benoiston and Joseph Benson and Diego Benítez and Juliana Bernardes and Denis Bertrand and Silvia Beurmann and Tristan Bitard-Feildel and Lucie Bittner and Christina Black and Guillaume Blanc and Brittany Blyther and Toni Bode and Julia Boeri and Bazartseren Boldgiv and Kevin Bolzli and Alexia Bordigoni and Ciro Borrelli and Sonia Bouchard and Jean-Pierre Bouly and Alicia Boyd and Gabriela P. Branco and Alessandra Breschi and Björn Brindefalk and Christian Brion and Alan Briones and Paulina Buczansla and Catherine M. Burke and Aszia Burrell and Alina Butova and Irvind Buttar and Jalia Bynoe and Sven Bönigk and Kari O. Bøifot and Hiram Caballero and Xiao Wen Cai and Dayana Calderon and Angela Cantillo and Miguel Carbajo and Alessandra Carbone and Anais Cardenas and Katerine Carrillo and Laurie Casalot and Sofia Castro and Ana V. Castro and Astred Castro and Ana Valeria B. Castro and Simone Cawthorne and Jonathan Cedillo and Salama Chaker and Jasna Chalangal and Allison Chan and Anastasia I. Chasapi and Starr Chatziefthimiou and Sreya Ray Chaudhuri and Akash Keluth Chavan and Francisco Chavez and Gregory Chem and Xiaoqing Chen and Michelle Chen and Jenn-Wei Chen and Ariel Chernomoretz and Allaeddine Chettouh and Daisy Cheung and Diana Chicas and Shirley Chiu and Hira Choudhry and Carl Chrispin and Kianna Ciaramella and Erika Cifuentes and Jake Cohen and David A. Coil and Sylvie Collin and Colleen Conger and Romain Conte and Flavia Corsi and Cecilia N. Cossio and Ana F. Costa and Delisia Cuebas and Bruno D'Alessandro and Katherine E. Dahlhausen and Aaron E. Darling and Pujita Das and Lucinda B. Davenport and Laurent David and Natalie R. Davidson and Gargi Dayama and Stéphane Delmas and Chris K. Deng and Chloé Dequeker and Alexandre Desert and Monika Devi and Felipe S. Dezem and Clara N. Dias and Timothy Ryan Donahoe and Sonia Dorado and LaShonda Dorsey and Valeriia Dotsenko and Steven Du and Alexandra Dutan and Naya Eady and Jonathan A. Eisen and Miar Elaskandrany and Lennard Epping and Juan P. Escalera-Antezana and Cassie L. Ettinger and Iqra Faiz and Luice Fan and Nadine Farhat and Emile Faure and Fazlina Fauzi and Charlie Feigin and Skye Felice and Laís Pereira Ferreira and Gabriel Figueroa and Aubin Fleiss and Denisse Flores and Jhovana L. Velasco Flores and Marcos A.S. Fonseca and Jonathan Foox and Juan Carlos Forero and Aaishah Francis and Kelly French and Pablo Fresia and Jacob Friedman and Jaime J. Fuentes and Josephine Galipon and Mathilde Garcia and Laura Garcia and Catalina García and Annie Geiger and Samuel M. Gerner and Sonia L. Ghose and Dao Phuong Giang and Matías Giménez and Donato Giovannelli and Dedan Githae and Spyridon Gkotzis and Liliana Godoy and Samantha Goldman and Gaston H. Gonnet and Juana Gonzalez and Andrea Gonzalez and Camila Gonzalez-Poblete and Andrew Gray and Tranette Gregory and Charlotte Greselle and Sophie Guasco and Juan Guerra and Nika Gurianova and Wolfgang Haehr and Sebastien Halary and Felix Hartkopf and Jaden J.A. Hastings and Arya Hawkins-Zafarnia and Nur Hazlin Hazrin-Chong and Eric Helfrich and Eva Hell and Tamera Henry and Samuel Hernandez and Pilar Lopez Hernandez and David Hess-Homeier and Lauren E. Hittle and Nghiem Xuan Hoan and Aliaksei Holik and Chiaki Homma and Irene Hoxie and Michael Huber and Elizabeth Humphries and Stephanie Hyland and Andrea Hässig and Roland Häusler and Nathalie Hüsser and Robert A. Petit and Badamnyambuu Iderzorig and Mizuki Igarashi and Shaikh B. Iqbal and Shino Ishikawa and Sakura Ishizuka and Sharah Islam and Riham Islam and Kohei Ito and Sota Ito and Takayuki Ito and Tomislav Ivankovic and Tomoki Iwashiro and Sarah Jackson and JoAnn Jacobs and Marisano James and Marianne Jaubert and Marie-Laure Jerier and Esmeralda Jiminez and Ayantu Jinfessa and Ymke De Jong and Hyun Woo Joo and Guilllaume Jospin and Takema Kajita and Affifah Saadah Ahmad Kassim and Nao Kato and Amrit Kaur and Inderjit Kaur and Fernanda de Souza Gomes Kehdy and Vedbar S. Khadka and Shaira Khan and Mahshid Khavari and Michelle Ki and Gina Kim and Hyung Jun Kim and Sangwan Kim and Ryan J. King and Kaymisha Knights and Giuseppe KoLoMonaco and Ellen Koag and Nadezhda Kobko-Litskevitch and Maryna Korshevniuk and Michael Kozhar and Jonas Krebs and Nanami Kubota and Andrii Kuklin and Sheelta S. Kumar and Rachel Kwong and Lawrence Kwong and Ingrid Lafontaine and Juliana Lago and Tsoi Ying Lai and Elodie Laine and Manolo Laiola and Olha Lakhneko and Isha Lamba and Gerardo de Lamotte and Romain Lannes and Eleonora De Lazzari and Madeline Leahy and Hyunjung Lee and Yunmi Lee and Lucy Lee and Vincent Lemaire and Emily Leong and Marcus H.Y. Leung and Dagmara Lewandowska and Chenhao Li and Weijun Liang and Moses Lin and Priscilla Lisboa and Anna Litskevitch and Eric Minwei Liu and Tracy Liu and Mayra Arauco Livia and Yui Him Lo and Sonia Losim and Manon Loubens and Jennifer Lu and Olexandr Lykhenko and Simona Lysakova and Salah Mahmoud and Sara Abdul Majid and Natalka Makogon and Denisse Maldonado and Krizzy Mallari and Tathiane M. Malta and Maliha Mamun and Dimitri Manoir and German Marchandon and Natalia Marciniak and Sonia Marinovic and Brunna Marques and Nicole Mathews and Yuri Matsuzaki and Vincent Matthys and Madelyn May and Elias McComb and Annabelle Meagher and Adiell Melamed and Wayne Menary and Katterinne N. Mendez and Ambar Mendez and Irène Mauricette Mendy and Irene Meng and Ajay Menon and Mark Menor and Roy Meoded and Nancy Merino and Cem Meydan and Karishma Miah and Mathilde Mignotte and Tanja Miketic and Wilson Miranda and Athena Mitsios and Ryusei Miura and Kunihiko Miyake and Maria D. Moccia and Natasha Mohan and Mohammed Mohsin and Karobi Moitra and Mauricio Moldes and Laura Molina and Jennifer Molinet and Orgil-Erdene Molomjamts and Eftar Moniruzzaman and Sookwon Moon and Isabelle de Oliveira Moraes and Mario Moreno and Maritza S. Mosella and Josef W. Moser and Christopher Mozsary and Amanda L. Muehlbauer and Oasima Muner and Muntaha Munia and Naimah Munim and Maureen Muscat and Tatjana Mustac and Cristina Muñoz and Francesca Nadalin and Areeg Naeem and Dorottya Nagy-Szakal and Mayuko Nakagawa and Ashanti Narce and Masaki Nasu and Irene González Navarrete and Hiba Naveed and Bryan Nazario and Narasimha Rao Nedunuri and Thomas Neff and Aida Nesimi and Wan Chiew Ng and Synti Ng and Gloria Nguyen and Elsy Ngwa and Agier Nicolas and Pierre Nicolas and Abdollahi Nika and Hosna Noorzi and Avigdor Nosrati and Houtan Noushmehr and Diana N. Nunes and Kathryn O'Brien and Niamh B. O'Hara and Gabriella Oken and Rantimi A. Olawoyin and Javier Quilez Oliete and Kiara Olmeda and Tolulope Oluwadare and Itunu A. Oluwadare and Nils Ordioni and Jenessa Orpilla and Jacqueline Orrego and Melissa Ortega and Princess Osma and Israel O. Osuolale and Oluwatosin M. Osuolale and Mitsuki Ota and Francesco Oteri and Yuya Oto and Rachid Ounit and Christos A. Ouzounis and Subhamitra Pakrashi and Rachel Paras and Coral Pardo-Este and Young-Ja Park and Paulina Pastuszek and Suraj Patel and Jananan Pathmanathan and Andrea Patrignani and Manuel Perez and Ante Peros and Sabrina Persaud and Anisia Peters and Adam Phillips and Lisbeth Pineda and Melissa P. Pizzi and Alma Plaku and Alketa Plaku and Brianna Pompa-Hogan and María Gabriela Portilla and Leonardo Posada and Max Priestman and Bharath Prithiviraj and Sambhawa Priya and Phanthira Pugdeethosal and Catherine E. Pugh and Benjamin Pulatov and Angelika Pupiec and Kyrylo Pyrshev and Tao Qing and Saher Rahiel and Savlatjon Rahmatulloev and Kannan Rajendran and Aneisa Ramcharan and Adan Ramirez-Rojas and Shahryar Rana and Prashanthi Ratnanandan and Timothy D. Read and Hubert Rehrauer and Renee Richer and Alexis Rivera and Michelle Rivera and Alessandro Robertiello and Courtney Robinson and Paula Rodríguez and Nayra Aguilar Rojas and Paul Roldán and Anyelic Rosario and Sandra Roth and Maria Ruiz and Stephen Eduard Boja Ruiz and Kaitlan Russell and Mariia Rybak and Thais S. Sabedot and Mahfuza Sabina and Ikuto Saito and Yoshitaka Saito and Gustavo Adolfo Malca Salas and Cecilia Salazar and Kaung Myat San and Jorge Sanchez and Khaliun Sanchir and Ryan Sankar and Paulo Thiago de Souza Santos and Zulena Saravi and Kai Sasaki and Yuma Sato and Masaki Sato and Seisuke Sato and Ryo Sato and Kaisei Sato and Nowshin Sayara and Steffen Schaaf and Oli Schacher and Anna-Lena M. Schinke and Ralph Schlapbach and Christian Schori and Jason R. Schriml and Felipe Segato and Felipe Sepulveda and Marianna S. Serpa and Paola F. De Sessions and Juan C. Severyn and Heba Shaaban and Maheen Shakil and Sarah Shalaby and Aliyah Shari and Hyenah Shim and Hikaru Shirahata and Yuh Shiwa and Rania Siam and Ophélie Da Silva and Jordana M. Silva and Gwenola Simon and Shaleni K. Singh and Kasia Sluzek and Rebecca Smith and Eunice So and Núria Andreu Somavilla and Yuya Sonohara and Nuno Rufino de Sousa and Camila Souza and Jason Sperry and Nicolas Sprinsky and Stefan G. Stark and Antonietta La Storia and Kiyoshi Suganuma and Hamood Suliman and Jill Sullivan and Arif Asyraf Md Supie and Chisato Suzuki and Sora Takagi and Fumie Takahara and Naoya Takahashi and Kou Takahashi and Tomoki Takeda and Isabella K. Takenaka and Soma Tanaka and Anyi Tang and Yuk Man Tang and Emilio Tarcitano and Andrea Tassinari and Mahdi Taye and Alexis Terrero and Eunice Thambiraja and Antonin Thiébaut and Sade Thomas and Andrew M. Thomas and Yuto Togashi and Takumi Togashi and Anna Tomaselli and Masaru Tomita and Itsuki Tomita and Xinzhao Tong and Oliver Toth and Nora C. Toussaint and Jennifer M. Tran and Catalina Truong and Stefan I. Tsonev and Kazutoshi Tsuda and Takafumi Tsurumaki and Michelle Tuz and Yelyzaveta Tymoshenko and Carmen Urgiles and Mariko Usui and Sophie Vacant and Brandon Valentine and Laura E. Vann and Fabienne Velter and Valeria Ventorino and Patricia Vera-Wolf and Riccardo Vicedomini and Michael A. Suarez-Villamil and Sierra Vincent and Renee Vivancos-Koopman and Andrew Wan and Cindy Wang and Tomoro Warashina and Ayuki Watanabe and Samuel Weekes and Johannes Werner and David Westfall and Lothar H. Wieler and Michelle Williams and Silver A. Wolf and Brian Wong and Yan Ling Wong and Tyler Wong and Rasheena Wright and Tina Wunderlin and Ryota Yamanaka and Jingcheng Yang and Hirokazu Yano and George C. Yeh and Olena Yemets and Tetiana Yeskova and Shusei Yoshikawa and Laraib Zafar and Yang Zhang and Shu Zhang and Amy Zhang and Yuanting Zheng and Stas Zubenko", 'pages': '3376--3393.e17', 'number': '13', 'volume': '184', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'jun', 'year': '2021', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.cell.2021.05.002', 'doi': '10.1016/j.cell.2021.05.002', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gfgb', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2021.05.002'}
None
