{'journal': 'Science', 'title': 'Inborn errors of type I IFN immunity in patients with life-threatening COVID-19', 'author': "Qian Zhang and Paul Bastard and Zhiyong Liu and Jérémie Le Pen and Marcela Moncada-Velez and Jie Chen and Masato Ogishi and Ira K. D. Sabli and Stephanie Hodeib and Cecilia Korol and Jérémie Rosain and Kaya Bilguvar and Junqiang Ye and Alexandre Bolze and Benedetta Bigio and Rui Yang and Andrés Augusto Arias and Qinhua Zhou and Yu Zhang and Fanny Onodi and Sarantis Korniotis and Léa Karpf and Quentin Philippot and Marwa Chbihi and Lucie Bonnet-Madin and Karim Dorgham and Nikaïa Smith and William M. Schneider and Brandon S. Razooky and Hans-Heinrich Hoffmann and Eleftherios Michailidis and Leen Moens and Ji Eun Han and Lazaro Lorenzo and Lucy Bizien and Philip Meade and Anna-Lena Neehus and Aileen Camille Ugurbil and Aurélien Corneau and Gaspard Kerner and Peng Zhang and Franck Rapaport and Yoann Seeleuthner and Jeremy Manry and Cecile Masson and Yohann Schmitt and Agatha Schlüter and Tom Le Voyer and Taushif Khan and Juan Li and Jacques Fellay and Lucie Roussel and Mohammad Shahrooei and Mohammed F. Alosaimi and Davood Mansouri and Haya Al-Saud and Fahd Al-Mulla and Feras Almourfi and Saleh Zaid Al-Muhsen and Fahad Alsohime and Saeed Al Turki and Rana Hasanato and Diederik van de Beek and Andrea Biondi and Laura Rachele Bettini and Mariella D'Angio' and Paolo Bonfanti and Luisa Imberti and Alessandra Sottini and Simone Paghera and Eugenia Quiros-Roldan and Camillo Rossi and Andrew J. Oler and Miranda F. Tompkins and Camille Alba and Isabelle Vandernoot and Jean-Christophe Goffard and Guillaume Smits and Isabelle Migeotte and Filomeen Haerynck and Pere Soler-Palacin and Andrea Martin-Nalda and Roger Colobran and Pierre-Emmanuel Morange and Sevgi Keles and Fatma Çölkesen and Tayfun Ozcelik and Kadriye Kart Yasar and Sevtap Senoglu and Şemsi Nur Karabela and Carlos Rodríguez-Gallego and Giuseppe Novelli and Sami Hraiech and Yacine Tandjaoui-Lambiotte and Xavier Duval and Cédric Laouénan and Andrew L. Snow and Clifton L. Dalgard and Joshua D. Milner and Donald C. Vinh and Trine H. Mogensen and Nico Marr and András N. Spaan and Bertrand Boisson and Stéphanie Boisson-Dupuis and Jacinta Bustamante and Anne Puel and Michael J. Ciancanelli and Isabelle Meyts and Tom Maniatis and Vassili Soumelis and Ali Amara and Michel Nussenzweig and Adolfo García-Sastre and Florian Krammer and Aurora Pujol and Darragh Duffy and Richard P. Lifton and Shen-Ying Zhang and Guy Gorochov and Vivien Béziat and Emmanuelle Jouanguy and Vanessa Sancho-Shimizu and Charles M. Rice and Laurent Abel and Luigi D. Notarangelo and Aurélie Cobat and Helen C. Su and Jean-Laurent Casanova and   and   and   and   and   and   and   and", 'pages': 'eabd4570', 'number': '6515', 'volume': '370', 'publisher': 'American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)', 'month': 'sep', 'year': '2020', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1126%2Fscience.abd4570', 'doi': '10.1126/science.abd4570', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'd95p', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abd4570'}
{'journal': 'Science', 'title': 'Autoantibodies against type I IFNs in patients with life-threatening COVID-19', 'author': 'Paul Bastard and Lindsey B. Rosen and Qian Zhang and Eleftherios Michailidis and Hans-Heinrich Hoffmann and Yu Zhang and Karim Dorgham and Quentin Philippot and Jérémie Rosain and Vivien Béziat and Jérémy Manry and Elana Shaw and Liis Haljasmägi and Pärt Peterson and Lazaro Lorenzo and Lucy Bizien and Sophie Trouillet-Assant and Kerry Dobbs and Adriana Almeida de Jesus and Alexandre Belot and Anne Kallaste and Emilie Catherinot and Yacine Tandjaoui-Lambiotte and Jeremie Le Pen and Gaspard Kerner and Benedetta Bigio and Yoann Seeleuthner and Rui Yang and Alexandre Bolze and András N. Spaan and Ottavia M. Delmonte and Michael S. Abers and Alessandro Aiuti and Giorgio Casari and Vito Lampasona and Lorenzo Piemonti and Fabio Ciceri and Kaya Bilguvar and Richard P. Lifton and Marc Vasse and David M. Smadja and Mélanie Migaud and Jérome Hadjadj and Benjamin Terrier and Darragh Duffy and Lluis Quintana-Murci and Diederik van de Beek and Lucie Roussel and Donald C. Vinh and Stuart G. Tangye and Filomeen Haerynck and David Dalmau and Javier Martinez-Picado and Petter Brodin and Michel C. Nussenzweig and Stéphanie Boisson-Dupuis and Carlos Rodríguez-Gallego and Guillaume Vogt and Trine H. Mogensen and Andrew J. Oler and Jingwen Gu and Peter D. Burbelo and Jeffrey I. Cohen and Andrea Biondi and Laura Rachele Bettini and Mariella D′Angio and Paolo Bonfanti and Patrick Rossignol and Julien Mayaux and Frédéric Rieux-Laucat and Eystein S. Husebye and Francesca Fusco and Matilde Valeria Ursini and Luisa Imberti and Alessandra Sottini and Simone Paghera and Eugenia Quiros-Roldan and Camillo Rossi and Riccardo Castagnoli and Daniela Montagna and Amelia Licari and Gian Luigi Marseglia and Xavier Duval and Jade Ghosn and John S. Tsang and Raphaela Goldbach-Mansky and Kai Kisand and Michail S. Lionakis and Anne Puel and Shen-Ying Zhang and Steven M. Holland and Guy Gorochov and Emmanuelle Jouanguy and Charles M. Rice and Aurélie Cobat and Luigi D. Notarangelo and Laurent Abel and Helen C. Su and Jean-Laurent Casanova and   and   and   and   and   and   and   and   and   and', 'pages': 'eabd4585', 'number': '6515', 'volume': '370', 'publisher': 'American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)', 'month': 'sep', 'year': '2020', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1126%2Fscience.abd4585', 'doi': '10.1126/science.abd4585', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'd95q', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abd4585'}
{'journal': 'Ecological Indicators', 'title': 'Effects of the environs of waterbodies on aquatic plants in oxbow lakes (habitat 3150)', 'author': 'Elżbieta Wilk-Woźniak and Edward Walusiak and Lubomira Burchardt and Sławomir Cerbin and Damian Chmura and Maciej Gąbka and Katarzyna Glińska-Lewczuk and Ryszard Gołdyn and Magdalena Grabowska and Maciej Karpowicz and Piotr Klimaszyk and Andrzej Kołodziejczyk and Mikołaj Kokociński and Marek Kraska and Wiesław Król and Natalia Kuczyńska-Kippen and Sławomir Ligęza and Beata Messyasz and Barbara Nagengast and Teresa Ozimek and Bogna M. Paczuska and Mariusz Pełechaty and Wojciech Pęczuła and Mirosława Pietryka and Ryszard Piotrowicz and Agnieszka Pociecha and Andrzej Pukacz and Dorota Richter and Janusz Żbikowski', 'pages': '736--742', 'volume': '98', 'publisher': 'Elsevier BV', 'month': 'mar', 'year': '2019', 'url': 'https://doi.org/10.1016%2Fj.ecolind.2018.11.025', 'doi': '10.1016/j.ecolind.2018.11.025', 'ENTRYTYPE': 'article', 'ID': 'gk9ctg', 'link': 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolind.2018.11.025'}
